Add a note about where to place the Gradle vars (#2776)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/signed-apk-android.md

These are going to be global Gradle variables, which we can later use in our Gradle config to sign our app.

> > Note about using git: placing the Gradle variables in `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` instead of `android/gradle.properties` prevents them from being checked in to git. You may have to create the `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` file in your computer user root before you can add the variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note about using git: Saving the above Gradle variables in `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` instead of `android/gradle.properties` prevents them from being checked in to git. You may have to create the `~/.gradle/gradle.properties` file in your user's home directory before you can add the variables.
```
